Fixes #162: Remove the need to enter a name, when a node is not going… (#271)
Concordium/concordium-node: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix issue #244: Collector to keep querying. Remove the parameter for maximum allowed
  times a gRPC call can fail and keeps `node-collector` querying forever.
- `GetAccountInfo` endpoint supports querying the account via the account index.

> - Mac installer: Users now can leave one of the (but not both) net configurations empty
>   when they don't want to configure e node for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mac installer: Users now can leave one (but not both) of the net configurations empty
  when they don't want to configure a node for it. On the initial installation, leaving a net configuration empty means that the start/stop app shortcuts and the application support folder for that net won't be installed.
```
